[MUSIC PLAYING]
ELLIOTT: Hey there, Polycasters.
I'm Elliott.
Welcome back to
our series on how
to create an element
in Polymer 2.
In this video,
we're going to get
to know our project's layout.
When we left off last time,
we had a live environment
of a demo running.
Let's open up the project in
our editor and take a look.
So you can see here, we have
the Polycast checklist/demo,
and this just simply
has demo code.
Let's look at the
actual project itself
and look at the
code in this demo.
So going to navigate
to my desktop,
open up Polycast
checklist, and here we are.
Setup.
And in this demo, you can see
/demo, the demo directory,
and in there, you'll
see index.html.
Here, you'll see what
we have over here.
You have Hello,
Polycast Checklist,
and you simply just
have Polycast Checklist,
a new element that has been
created by our project.
And so here you'll see a
demo snippet and a template
and things that are inside.
So now let's take a look at
the Polycast Checklist file.
So this is where we
actually define our element.
In here, you'll see a
bunch of different things,
like HTML Import where we
import Polymer, a module,
a template where we
actually display things--
so here you can
see Hello, Prop 1,
and over here, you see
Hello, Polycast Checklist.
This Prop 1 right here with
the double brackets around it
is what we call a
one-way data binding.
A one-way data
binding, all it does
is inserts a property
into the template.
And you can see here in
the Property section,
we have a Prop 1 and
the default value here
is Polycast Checklist.
We can change this
to whatever we want.
So we can change this
to, like, Polycasters,
save that, go back over
to our project, refresh.
Hello, Polycasters,
how's it going?
And then you'll also see the
definition of this element.
It is a class and it
extends Polymer element.
And below that, you'll see
window custom elements define,
then you have a bunch
of fancy stuff there.
All right, let's go through
what the fancy stuff means.
PolycastChecklist.is
just calls this getter
and returns Polycast
Checklist, so this is just
the same thing as saying,
define the element called
Polycast Checklist.
And then you associate
it with a class, which
is this definition right here.
For now, let's go back
and leave it alone.
All right.
Now let's look at what
else is in our directory.
We have this bower.JSON,
and in here, we
have a dependency on Polymer.
And you can see in the
bower components, which
is where the dependency
is actually installed,
you'll see the Polymer
Directory right here.
And you'll see a bunch of
different files on there.
So in the Polycast
Checklist, you
see there's an HTML import for
a Polymer, which is the Polymer
Directory right here.
And then you can see right here
in the PolycastChecklist.html
file, we import the Polymer
element file from the Polymer
Directory.
And in the Polymer Directory,
we have a Polymer element file,
which defines Polymer element
and is then used right here.
So those are the basics of how
a Polymer element is laid out.
In the next video, we'll
mock up our element
and start improving
it using Polymer.
See you soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]